So we're setting yourselves up to make a
million units in the next couple months
and of course we want to ramp up production
as quickly as we can beyond that
What's your target?
We don't have any particular target, I mean,
for a new device like this
our goal is to make as many as we can
but it's a
new production process
it is in fact a very complex
new production process that takes almost
40 hours
takes almost 40 hours to make one of these devices so we have to ramp up over time
it takes a bit of time
Now you launched the Mi 3 in India just recently
and it looks as though you're targeting
emerging markets
Why is that? What's the strategy?
Yeah so,
purely out of coincidence
we actually launched Mi 3 in India today
today was our first
sale day over there and obviously very excited about that market
Our goal is to bring
all of our products to some of these really
really key strategic markets like India
Indonesia which is coming next
Latin America and so on and so forth
so we're just getting ourselves ready to
to really really ramp up and be able to
get to these market as quickly as we can
with our new products
But why the emerging markets?
The reason why I'm
asking is because your competitors
Samsung or Apple
targeted the developed markets
first and then after that they went in to
the emerging markets - it seems as though your
strategy's in reverse?
So, Why?
So first thing about these markets is that
they're very very large markets
where people are experiencing the internet
for the first time in the mobile phone
So there's a huge demand for
smartphones across the entire range
and secondly because of how we build our products and how we
think about them and how we price them
we think that
this
really is a special combination of high
specification high-performance devices
that are sold at really
aggressive prices
makes the most sense in these markets
plus we're a small company, we're a start only four years old so we can't go
to the entire world at once
So we're going one market at a time and we're being pretty thoughtful
about picking the next target
We started in
Singapore, a small market,
then we went to Malaysia
and so forth - now we're finally
working ourselves up to
launch in India
So do you see yourselves in the US some day?
We do see ourselves in the
West someday, we don't know when
I'd like to ask, when?
we're going to work to that day
there's a lot to do
there's a lot of
work to happen before we're ready
for market as large as competitive as
the United States